this is mine hypotese, sorry
it's about alcohol, you shouldn't use it without some real discuss with doctors or someone 

purely for medical purposes. there are contraindications. contact your doctor for advice.

the hypothesis is simple - to rigidly change the level of acidity in the blood so that there is no comfortable 
environment for the virus to reproduce, preferably so much that the virus dies or gets severe damage (chemical 
burns, dissolution of some proteins). At a minimum, it is necessary to prevent the virus cells from receiving materials, 
if the cells lose elasticity, it means that it eats fats, these are lipids like, alcohol dissolves fats and nutrition will be cut 
off. And if the virus used fats, then its structure will also dissolve.

By the way, blood clots from the virus can be for two reasons - one is approximately like the consequences of 
alcohol-red blood cells lose fat and gather in clusters (which confirms the hypothesis), and the second is that the 
structures of the virus themselves remain in the circulatory system and do not seem to go anywhere, because they 
are fat and everything seems to be fine, plus some phagocytes, macrophages, antibody losers pile on them . That is, 
you can not consider only the consequences of the virus and only the consequences of alcohol separately and put 
them in a double, you need to look at how one will affect the other, and then consider the consequences of 
reactions. because the reactions of the virus will be neutralized, but some of the damaged cells of the body will be 
able to regenerate after alcohol, and the virus is no longer there. But there may also be a negative scenario at the 
advanced stage, when there are already a lot of blood clots, in theory, vodka will be an anticoagulant for the 
duration of action, but then more cells will participate in thrombosis. Maybe you should add fish or fish oil, because 
the virus does not react with it.

the bottom line is that this is chemistry and it is necessary to neutralize the process of virus replication, if it works 
from a bottle, then it is only necessary to calculate the dose, the whole industry is ready up to bottling in pubs
For reference, a ventilator does not treat, but only helps to deliver oxygen, and in principle it is more difficult to do 
this in the affected lungs. It is necessary to stop the virus with antiviral therapy. If people continue to die in hospitals, 
it means that this therapy is still not effective enough. And before the ventilator, it is necessary to clean the lungs, 
how I don't know yet, maybe some kind of inhalation, or maybe some gel or liquid should be poured and pumped 
out, there is a blockage of blood vessels and a change in the functions of cells.